README.md, before:

# odin-landing-page
Landing Page project for TOP


Image credits:
Hero Image:
Credit - cottonbro
Contact - Pexels/cottonbro


Service Box:
Image 1 (Math):
Credit - George Becker
Contact - https://www.pexels.com/@eye4dtail/
linkback - Photo by George Becker from Pexels

Image 2 (call):
Credit - Photo by Mikhail Nilov: https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-in-white-dress-shirt-wearing-headphones-7681974/

Image 3 (Inspiration):
Credit - Photo by Prateek Katyal: https://www.pexels.com/photo/illuminated-qoute-board-2740954/

Image 4 (Do):
Credit Photo by Olya Kobruseva: https://www.pexels.com/photo/motivational-simple-inscription-against-doubts-5238645/

How to do this:
-Header
-Hero
-Image
-Quote
-Sign Up
-Footer


### INSTRUCTIONS/TEMPLATES LOCATED BELOW ###
Design:
https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/main/foundations/html_css/project/odin-project.png

Colors/Fonts:
https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/main/foundations/html_css/project/colors_and_stuff.png

A note about images on the web
You do not have the legal right to use just any image that you find on the web. There are many free images to be found, but make sure that the image you use is actually free for you to use, and make sure to credit the creator of the image in your project. An easy way to give credit is to put the creator’s name and contact info in a README file in your repository. Some good places to find free-to-use images on the web include Pexels, Pixabay, and Unsplash.

https://www.pexels.com/
https://pixabay.com/
https://unsplash.com/

Commit message:

Finish styling and final touches. update README with reflection

README.md, after:

# odin-landing-page
Landing Page project for TOP. This was completed over the course of ~a week and was mostly done by myself.

Reflection:
I was able to achieve what I set out to, basically. I ended up using set size containers with flexboxes, I'm not sure if that was the best approach, but I was able to complete it satisfactorily.

I need to spend more time working with images in flexbox. I ended up having to use a stack-overflow solution for the images, because I couldn't figure out how to make the images resize, not stretch, AND stay within a boundary defined by myself.


Image credits:
Hero Image:
Credit - cottonbro
Photo by cottonbro: https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-male-physical-education-teacher-coaching-his-students-7207353/

Service Box:
Image 1 (Math):
Credit - George Becker
Contact - https://www.pexels.com/@eye4dtail/
linkback - Photo by George Becker from Pexels

Image 2 (call):
Credit - Mikhail Nilov
Photo by Mikhail Nilov: https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-in-white-dress-shirt-wearing-headphones-7681974/

Image 3 (Inspiration):
Credit - Prateek Katyal
Photo by Prateek Katyal: https://www.pexels.com/photo/illuminated-qoute-board-2740954/

Image 4 (Do):
Credit - Olya Kobruseva 
Photo by Olya Kobruseva: https://www.pexels.com/photo/motivational-simple-inscription-against-doubts-5238645/


### INSTRUCTIONS/TEMPLATES LOCATED BELOW ###
Design:
https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/main/foundations/html_css/project/odin-project.png

Colors/Fonts:
https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/main/foundations/html_css/project/colors_and_stuff.png

A note about images on the web
You do not have the legal right to use just any image that you find on the web. There are many free images to be found, but make sure that the image you use is actually free for you to use, and make sure to credit the creator of the image in your project. An easy way to give credit is to put the creator’s name and contact info in a README file in your repository. Some good places to find free-to-use images on the web include Pexels, Pixabay, and Unsplash.

https://www.pexels.com/
https://pixabay.com/
https://unsplash.com/
